Hello, I'm going to show you how
connect the xbox to the computer
these videos for those who have
old attitudes of wifi and its router
for example as in my case in the living room
what you need will be a
internet cable that usually comes with the
as always with the Xbox as always no
let's hope and connect it to the port of
computer in case it's a laptop
I say
the control panel is there
where they put networks on the internet we are going to
wake up in front
adapter configuration
then we will stress
ordered milestones
and good
it will not come out
this wireless
and in the carpool sale
two
then the configuration
this is that it starts that is connected
to the xbox we are eliminating this
also that is all projects
marked then we will accept and accept
we only have to turn on the xbox
Y
here when I put network cable not
identified even though you put that already
here is the unidentified king is already
Conected to internet
although sometimes it usually happens that it takes
much in showing our profile
means that we will have to go back to
make the step from earl to properties and
to accept it again then it will not come out
and here, too
As you can see, it has already come out quite soon
and we go to my profile
and they are already connected and for
that you see that it is not a false
nothing you see that is the xbox
normal stream does not have wifi or anything
then to check it we go
directly
the configuration in system
then network configuration
the one that we have and we're going to test connection
to live xbox and then it 's all
right and good up here the video
I hope you liked it
give the light please and sub for more
videos